Doc | Post-deployment section: change method to get temp password (#140)
binbashar/le-ref-architecture-doc: docs/first-steps/post-deployment.md

}
```

> Then, in the `global/base-identities` directory, run the output command with the `--json` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in the `global/base-identities` directory, run the output command with the `-json` flag:
```

Author: done!

``` bash

> leverage terraform output --json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
leverage terraform output -json
```
In this case `-json` is a terraform flag and as such it only uses one dash

```
```
...
"user_natasha_romanoff_name": {
  "sensitive": false,
  "type": "string",
  "value": "natasha.romanoff"
},
"user_natasha_romanoff_login_profile_encrypted_password": {
  "sensitive": true,
  "type": "string",
  "value": "wcDMAyRZJTaxw5v1AQwAy6c...............2mBIbNFxF1Tp/ilvyk8eEHvAA="

> }

Reviewer 2: @rodriguez-matias Matu, I'm wondering why you've changed this command with the json output instead of the original one

CC: @angelofenoglio @juanmatias

Author: @exequielrafaela  with the original method, in order to get the temp credentials , we need to do:
- change the sensitive argument from true to false .
- Save the changes and then run the apply + output commands
- Then change it back again to sensitive = True
- And apply again the changes

with the output -json command we can obtain the value of the temp passwd without make any change in the code

To be able to use the generated programmatic keys, you need to configure them in your local environment. To do that, run:

``` bash

> leverage credentials configure --type MANAGEMENT # or `SECURITY` depending on the credentials to configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
leverage credentials configure --type MANAGEMENT # or `SECURITY` depending on the credentials to be configured
```

As a last step you need to make sure that `MFA_ENABLED` is set to `true` in the `build.env` file.

## Re-Configure profiles  MFA

For everything to work as expected, you need to set the aws configuration profiles to the corresponding mfa-device configuration.

Then run `leverage credentials configure` again with the `--fetch-mfa-device` flag and select the `skip credentials configuration` option.

> Also, the flag `--skip-access-keys-setup` could be used instead to avoid the interactive step!(https://leverage.binbash.com.ar/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/credentials/#options)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, the flag [`--skip-access-keys-setup`](https://leverage.binbash.com.ar/user-guide/leverage-cli/reference/credentials/#options) could be used to avoid the interactive step.
```

Author: done!
